h1. Emo Vote

Encourage your users be letting them express their feelings by "emoting" rather then voting.

* Contributors: qvister, Mindpark
* Tags: emo, vote, plugin
* Requires at least: 2.7
* Tested up to: 2.7
* Stable tag: trunk

h2. Description

Emo Vote let's you encourage your users be letting them express their feelings by "emoting" rather then voting. Emoting is a fairly simple activity, just press the button that describes your feeling towards the post you just read.

Thanks to "Mindpark":http://mindpark.se/in-english/ and especially "Joakim Jardenberg":http://jardenberg.se/ for sponsoring the development of this plugin. Without you this plugin wouldn't exist.

A few features listed below:

* Choose your own labels for each button.
* Drag 'n drop the buttons in your own order.
* Choose a unqiue question for each post, using WordPress custom fields, see FAQ for details.
* The buttons are fully customizeable using CSS.
* Emo Vote uses the same localization technique as the well-known function `comments_popup_link()`. Just replace the parameters according to your current locale, `<?php emo_vote_display('No votes','One vote','% votes'); ?>`.

h2. Installation

* Download the plugin zip file.
* Unzip.
* Upload the `emo-vote/` folder to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.
* Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress.
* Navigate to Settings > Emo Vote and customize it as you wish.
* Place `<?php emo_vote_display('No votes','One vote','% votes'); ?>` (localize the strings be replacing the parameters according to your current locale) in your template, for instance in `index.php` and `single.php`.

h2. Frequently Asked Questions

*I want to encourage my users even more by adding a question or statement before the emoting options*

This is possible using WordPress built-in custom fields. Add a field with the name `emo-vote` and choose value.
The value can be unique for each post.

*The buttons looks like crappy blue squares in Internet Explorer 6*

How about upgrading your browser? Just kidding, some unlucky ones are still stuck with IE6.
I would recommend "TwinHelix's PNGFix":http://www.twinhelix.com/css/iepngfix/.
Place `iepngfix.htc` and `blank.gif` files in your webroot and add `behavior: url(/iepngfix.htc);` to the #input_0-#input_4 elements
inside your `emo-vote.css` file.